tile.HMCrusher.name=Crusher
tile.HMWasher.name=Washer
tile.HMEndiumChunkloader.name=Endium Chunkloader
tile.HMEndiumTeleporter.name=Endium Teleporter
tile.HMFisher.name=Fisher
tile.HMStarForge.name=Star Forge
tile.HMBlockTechnical.name=Look out, we got a badass over here!
tile.HMSinterer.name=Sinterer
tile.HMMetalBlock0.name=Block of Endium
tile.HMMetalBlock1.name=Block of Cobalt
tile.HMOre0.name=Endium Ore
tile.HMOre1.name=Cobalt Ore

itemGroup.HMTab=Hawk's Machinery

item.HMRivetGun.name=Rivet Gun
item.HMFishFood.name=Fish Food
item.HMMachineMeter.name=Machine Meter

item.HMCobaltBone.name=Cobalt Bone
item.HMEnderMirrorPlayer.name=Ender Mirror (Player)
item.HMEnderMirrorSpawn.name=Ender Mirror (Home)

item.HMDustUnref0.name=Coal Dust
item.HMDustUnref1.name=Unrefined Iron Dust
item.HMDustUnref2.name=Unrefined Gold Dust
item.HMDustUnref3.name=Unrefined Copper Dust
item.HMDustUnref4.name=Unrefined Tin Dust
item.HMDustUnref5.name=Obsidian Dust
item.HMDustUnref6.name=Unrefined Endium Dust
item.HMDustUnref7.name=Unrefined Cobalt Dust
item.HMDustUnref8.name=Quartz Dust

item.HMDustRefined0.name=Diamond Dust
item.HMDustRefined1.name=Ender Dust
item.HMDustRefined2.name=Glass Dust
item.HMDustRefined3.name=Iron Dust
item.HMDustRefined4.name=Gold Dust
item.HMDustRefined5.name=Copper Dust
item.HMDustRefined6.name=Tin Dust
item.HMDustRefined7.name=Emerald Dust
item.HMDustRefined8.name=Star Dust
item.HMDustRefined9.name=Endium Dust
item.HMDustRefined10.name=Cobalt Dust

item.HMPart0.name=Electric Piston
item.HMPart1.name=Laser
item.HMPart2.name=Gear Axle
item.HMPart3.name=Light Bulb
item.HMPart4.name=Heating Coil
item.HMPart5.name=Electric Magnet
item.HMPart6.name=Engine

item.HMIngot0.name=Endium Ingot
item.HMIngot1.name=Cobalt Ingot

item.HMPlating0.name=Endium Plating
item.HMPlating1.name=Cobalt Plating

item.HMBlueprint0.name=Blueprint (Crusher)
item.HMBlueprint1.name=Blueprint (Washer)
item.HMBlueprint2.name=Blueprint (Nano Assembler)
item.HMBlueprint3.name=Blueprint (Fisher)
item.HMBlueprint4.name=Blueprint (HaWK Robot)
item.HMBlueprint5.name=Blueprint (Saw)
item.HMBlueprint6.name=Blueprint (Sinterer)
item.HMBlueprint7.name=Blueprint (Rivet Gun)
item.HMBlueprint8.name=Blueprint (HM-E2MM)

item.HMRivet0.name=Copper Rivet
item.HMRivet1.name=Bronze Rivet
item.HMRivet2.name=Iron Rivet
item.HMRivet3.name=Steel Rivet
item.HMRivet4.name=Gold Rivet
item.HMRivet5.name=Endium Rivet
item.HMRivet6.name=Cobalt Rivet

item.HMTestTube.name=Test Tube
item.HMNanitesEmpty.name=Blank Nanites
item.HMNanites.name=Nanites

hm.endermirror.tetheredTo=Tethered To
